README.md, before:

### Hi There <img src="https://github.com/TheDudeThatCode/TheDudeThatCode/blob/master/Assets/Hi.gif" width="29px">, I'm Iman Khani Jazani

**🔵 About Me:**

Natural language processing and representation learning in the text and audio domains are of interest to me. Building AI-based assistants to interact with people naturally is one of my most recent projects. Computer science and artificial intelligence are my academic specialties, coming from UT and AUT, respectively. Since 2015, I have had a variety of professional experiences with AI (particularly NLP) and data science, ranging from development to management.

Also, I have taught through various institutes, online platforms, schools, and universities since 2011 for a variety of people.

I want to talk about AI and data science with my codes for different experience levels. I'm really interested in contributing to open-source projects which is useful for people. This GitHub page is updating...  

> In my free time, I'm working on [VoXera](https://github.com/VoXera) which is open-source language techs for Persian language. If you are interested, I look forward to working with you in [VoXera](https://github.com/VoXera). 

> I love teaching...


**😍 My Interests:**
- data science
- artificial intelligence
- computational neuroscience
- machine learning and deep learning
- AI and data-driven business development
- natural language processing (text and speech)

<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" title="Python" alt="Python" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/numpy/numpy-original.svg" title="Numpy" alt="Numpy" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" title="Pandas" alt="Pandas" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/tensorflow/tensorflow-original-wordmark.svg" title="Tensorflow" alt="Tensorflow" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/pytorch/pytorch-plain-wordmark.svg" title="Pytorch" alt="Pytorch" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/jupyter/jupyter-plain-wordmark.svg" title="Jupyter" alt="Jupyter" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/vscode/vscode-plain-wordmark.svg" title="vscode" alt="vscode" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/fastapi/fastapi-plain-wordmark.svg" title="fastapi" alt="fastapi" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-plain-wordmark.svg" title="mongodb" alt="mongodb" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/docker/docker-plain-wordmark.svg" title="Docker" alt="Docker" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain-wordmark.svg" title="Ubuntu" alt="Ubuntu" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-plain-wordmark.svg" title="git" alt="git" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
</div>
<br>

**📬 Get in Touch:**

[![@ImanKhaniJazani](https://img.icons8.com/fluency/48/000000/linkedin.png "@ImanKhaniJazani")](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ImanKhaniJazani/) [![ImanKhaniJazani@gmail.com](https://img.icons8.com/fluency/48/000000/apple-mail.png "ImanKhaniJazani@gmail.com")](ImanKhaniJazani@gmail.com)

> **Note:** This page has been started since May 2022.

Commit message:

edited and added some info about AiHum

README.md, after:

### Hi There <img src="https://github.com/TheDudeThatCode/TheDudeThatCode/blob/master/Assets/Hi.gif" width="29px">, I'm Iman Khani Jazani

**🔵 About Me:**

Natural language processing and representation learning in the text and audio domains are of interest to me. Building AI-based assistants to interact with people naturally is one of my most recent projects. Computer science and artificial intelligence are my academic specialties, coming from UT and AUT, respectively. Since 2015, I have had a variety of professional experiences with AI (particularly NLP) and data science, ranging from development to management.

Also, I have taught through various institutes, online platforms, schools, and universities since 2011 for a variety of people.

I want to talk about AI and data science with my codes for different experience levels. I'm really interested in contributing to open-source projects which is useful for people. This GitHub page is updating...  

You can investigate more about my current works in applied data science and AI with my experts freinds through our [AiHum's website](https://aihum.github.io/).

Also you can have more information about me on [my github webpage](http://ikj1992.github.io/).

> At last, I love teaching...


**😍 My Interests:**
- data science
- artificial intelligence
- computational neuroscience
- machine learning and deep learning
- AI and data-driven business development
- natural language processing (text and speech)

<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" title="Python" alt="Python" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/numpy/numpy-original.svg" title="Numpy" alt="Numpy" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" title="Pandas" alt="Pandas" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/tensorflow/tensorflow-original-wordmark.svg" title="Tensorflow" alt="Tensorflow" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/pytorch/pytorch-plain-wordmark.svg" title="Pytorch" alt="Pytorch" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/jupyter/jupyter-plain-wordmark.svg" title="Jupyter" alt="Jupyter" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/vscode/vscode-plain-wordmark.svg" title="vscode" alt="vscode" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/fastapi/fastapi-plain-wordmark.svg" title="fastapi" alt="fastapi" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-plain-wordmark.svg" title="mongodb" alt="mongodb" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/docker/docker-plain-wordmark.svg" title="Docker" alt="Docker" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain-wordmark.svg" title="Ubuntu" alt="Ubuntu" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-plain-wordmark.svg" title="git" alt="git" width="50" height="40"/>&nbsp;
</div>
<br>

**📬 Get in Touch:**

[![@ImanKhaniJazani](https://img.icons8.com/fluency/48/000000/linkedin.png "@ImanKhaniJazani")](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ImanKhaniJazani/) [![ImanKhaniJazani@gmail.com](https://img.icons8.com/fluency/48/000000/apple-mail.png "ImanKhaniJazani@gmail.com")](ImanKhaniJazani@gmail.com)

> **Note:** This page has been started since May 2022.
